Dental PPC Management
Paid Advertising Strategies For Dental Practices
Pay per click and Google Ad campaigns are the perfect complement to existing digital marketing strategies. When executed correctly, they can amplify your message and extend your reach across your target audience. Our proven techniques were designed to help you generate a consistent pipeline of leads and new patients.

Campaign Management and Keyword Targeting
The reason a practice like yours works with an agency like ours is to gain the edge over your competition. Most marketing beginners can navigate their way through launching a basic Google Ads campaign, but what happens when that campaign does not deliver results? What do you fix? How do you diagnose the issue? You can’t, unless you have done it before.

Our team not only creates campaigns but monitors and tweaks them for peak performance. We also craft a unique keyword list based on what your customers are searching for. This includes unique keywords such as ‘dental implants’, ‘porcelain veneers’, and more. When you invest in our PPC team, you gain a partner who will not stop until your ads are at the top of the page and delivering leads.

Getting Your PPC Campaigns Started
Our PPC campaigns focus on precise geo-targeting. This allows us to focus on the area surrounding your practices in order to target the people most likely to be looking for a local dentist. We target based on geographical parameters such as:

Location City
Neighbor and School District
State
Region Of The Country

Comprehensive PPC Campaign Management
Unlike other agencies, we will not deploy your campaign one time and then lock you into a long contract that only covers minimum maintenance. We are dedicated to managing and improving your PPC campaigns on a weekly basis. We also believe in earning your business even after you have initially signed on. That is why we give our clients a 30-day notice option to end your contract if you are not completely satisfied with your results.

We also promise to provide weekly performance reports and walk you through any questions or concerns you may have. You can leave the difficult parts to us, but we are more than happy to go into as much or as little detail as you would like. We want to make sure you have a full understanding of where your budget dollars are being utilized.

Tracking Your PPC Leads and Converting Them Into Patients
As your digital marketing efforts grow to include paid and organic search efforts, it will be crucial to track where your leads are coming from. You are going to want to know which campaigns are delivering the best results. We do this for you by tracking patient phone numbers back to the campaign they originated from. This way, we can analyze the return on your marketing investments and adjust our strategies according to which tactics are making the most money for your practice at any given time.

Maximizing Your Dental PPC Ads
When you pay for advertising, it’s with the expectation that it’s going to generate more business for your dentistry practice. PPC ads work, and they work well, but you’ve got to know what you’re doing. At Dot Com Media, we know how to run a successful PPC campaign so that you pay less for your ads but generate as many leads as possible.

Although PPC ads are extremely effective, the process isn’t easy, and it can be expensive if you don’t understand how the process works. You can’t just expect to pay for the number-one spot on a search engine’s results page, because it doesn’t work that way (and you probably couldn’t afford it).