Dental Social Media Marketing
Leverage The Power of Social Media To Gain More Patients
More and more consumers are using social media to research companies and make purchasing decisions. Now is the time to invest in an aggressive social media marketing campaign to get your practice in front of potential new patients.

We Will Show You What To Post!
Your social pages should be filled with pictures of your team and your office that show people what it is like to be a patient. We will send a box of props, signs, and instructions every two months to keep your pictures and content fresh.

Delivering Cutting Edge Social Strategies Across All Platforms?
Dentists have to get creative when it comes  to generating awareness in their local community and building their database of patients. Competition to become a family’s go-to dentist is fierce and forces practices to find new, innovative ways to reach prospects and convert them as quickly as possible.

Our social media strategies are designed to leverage various platforms like Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Instagram, Snapchat, and wherever else your target audience gets their information or spends time. We do this by understanding what makes your practice unique and why your current patients keep coming back year after year. Then, we use this information and implement a strategy that is in line with the latest trends and best practices for maximizing results.

Facebook Advertising for Dentists
Facebook is used by billions of people every day, including the very same people located in your community that you want to get in front of. Facebook can be used in a variety of ways to generate awareness, promote your practice, and convert new patients.

Your practice should have its own Facebook page and make regular posts that include dental hygiene tips, company information, staff photos, and anything else that makes your office a warm and inviting place to visit. You can also leverage Facebook’s paid advertising to create a campaign focused on your target audience within a certain radius of your building.

Promote Your Practice with YouTube Videos
It is a proven fact that more people enjoy watching videos than reading text. YouTube videos provide dentists with a unique opportunity to connect with families and potential patients. A YouTube strategy should include a blend of useful information about dental hygiene and behind-the-scenes footage of your office and staff.

You can also leverage success stories by asking long time patients to record short testimonials for you to post on your channel and share on your Facebook and Twitter pages. There is nothing more powerful than one customer telling another how much they enjoy your practice and the team that works there.

Use Twitter To Reach Your New Patients
Twitter is a fast moving social platform. When used correctly, it can increase your reach and boost awareness in your local community. However, if you are not well versed in its algorithm and best practices, your tweets will be seen by very few people. Our social media team has performed countless hours of research in order to develop and understanding of how to best craft campaigns for practices just like yours.

When you partner with us, you are adding an army of Twitter experts with years of experience writing, executing, and managing paid and organic campaigns. Our campaign options include brand awareness, content, promotion, retargeting, and lead generation.