Legal PPC Advertising Management
Paid Advertising For Lawyers
We develop, execute, and manage revenue-driving paid advertising campaigns for your law firm. We are a Certified Google Partner with a full understanding of how to deliver a top-notch PPC campaign that will enhance your brand awareness and draw in more clients.

Lead Generating Pay-Per-Click Campaigns
Our Pay Per-Click-Campaigns (PPC) are designed to drastically increase the number of leads that are driven to your website.

Do I Really Need A PPC Expert?
In short, yes, you do. Running effective lead generating PPC ads is a complex task. We are a Certified Google Partner Agency. This means we have proven our ability multiple times. We launch and manage complicated PPC campaigns the generate the desired results for dozens of clients every day.

We have seen many attorneys and law firms try to handle PPC campaigns themselves only to receive a low-quality score from google and be charged for unrelated clicks. Our experienced team will save you time and money but implement the right strategy the first time.

What Sets Us Apart?
Our years of PPC management experience includes:

Decades of direct response marketing tactics for law firms
Development of a 1,500-keyword database of personal injury-focused content
Creation of custom landing pages and ads for lead generation
Management and optimization of bids, ads, and keywords throughout the duration of your campaigns

Increase Conversions, Decrease Overall Spend
Wouldn’t it be nice if you could increase the conversion rate of leads to clients and be able to decrease your spending budget at the same time? Believe it or not, we have been helping our clients to do this for years! We helped one law firm save a whopping $10,000 a month after just four hours of work. We helped another firm increase their conversion rates from 1% to 400%.

In order to achieve these results, we review your Google Ads to understand where you are spending your money and where you can cut back. Then, we replace your existing strategies with ones that have worked for similar clients in the past. As a Google Premier Partner, we pride ourselves on being able to create impactful campaigns regardless of your budget. Most of the time, it is not about spending more money, it is about making the money you are already spending more effective.

Specialized Campaigns Just For Lawyers
As mentioned above, pay-per-click advertising is crucial for driving traffic to your website and converting prospects into clients. Due to this, the competition for common keywords associated with law firms is extremely competitive. If you do not spend the time, attention, and budget necessary to compete, you could miss out on new clients. Even worse, you could wind up spending thousands of dollars on below average campaigns.

Our processes have proven to be successful. They are designed to target specific leads based on your niche market and location. We understand that local traffic is more likely to convert, and therefore, we zero in on that audience using the keywords and phrases we know they are searching for. Our unique and tailored approach has helped smaller law firms stand out and win new clients on multiple occasions.

Providing The Knowledge You Need To Push Your Firm To The Next Level
You have spent years building your practice. You are on top of your game and have helped many clients over the years. You are ready to take your firm to the next level. This means more clients, more billable hours, and a possible expansion to another location. We are the team that is going to help you get there.

You may have found that using PPC to generate leads is harder than you thought, and you are right. It is a highly competitive market that requires the hand of an expert. When you put your trust in us, you are getting a partner that cares just as much about the growth and future of your business as you do. Before you give up on Google Ads all together, allow our team to join yours and implement the strategies that have worked for so many of our legal clients.

Dot Com Media is recognized by Google as a Premier Adwords Partner, which says a lot about our capability and the path-breaking results we have achieved. Our team has decades of combined experience under our belts when it comes to PPC campaigns, and we’ve solved countless problems for clients while working on paid campaigns from Google AdWords and Facebook to LinkedIn. We don’t just create and execute PPC campaigns for law firms like yours, we also design and build smart, compelling custom landing pages, ensuring messaging is aligned to build your brand and convert leads into clients.