Local SEO Services for Attorneys
SEO Strategies For Law Firms
Basic SEO strategies will not work when it comes to generating leads for law firms. Our proven tactics are designed to boost visibility, traffic and lead generation for your law firm or practice.

Helping Law Firms Get Found
We understand the importance of a never-ending pipeline. We also know from years of experience that SEO is the most efficient and cost-effective way to generate new leads. Studies show that nearly 100% of people searching for a lawyer use a search engine before any other method.

Believe it or not, more people find an attorney through organic search than PPC, direct mail, and radio combined. Our team of industry veterans are ready to push your firm’s website to the top of relevant searches. This means more traffic, more inquiries, more clients, and more profits. Considering the fact that an overwhelming 70% of people hire the first attorney they find in their search, an aggressive SEO strategy is not just a nice to have, it is an absolute must.

What A Great SEO Campaign?
A quality, impactful SEO campaign must include the following:

Google My Business Optimization
Full On-Site Optimization
Inbound Linking and Citation Strategies
Consistent Google Reviews
Accurate Location Pages
Keyword Research For Your Targeted Area

Converting Users Into Paying Clients
In order to convert visitors into clients, your website must appear in relevant Google searches. To make this happen, your website must include the technical elements necessary to be seen as credible and trustworthy by Google. Our SEO specialists have years of experience working with law firms and know every technical SEO element that is necessary for your website pages.

The second half of this SEO equation is the non-technical, user-friendly element of your landing pages. Your site must load quickly and be easy to navigate. If your users are having trouble finding what they are looking for, they will move on to one of your competitors. If Google thinks your website is not up to par, you will be penalized, and your site will drop to the bottom of the page.

This is why we place a high focus on the Customer Journey when building out your landing pages. Everything we do is focused on making your website as user-friendly as possible. As a result, prospects find your site are much more likely to convert into clients.

Enhancing Your Law Content Strategy
Regardless of the industry, consumers are always looking for free, useful content to consume. Consumers have become accustomed to brands sharing knowledge and information for free in the form of blog posts, case studies, white papers, and infographics. The right content strategy can position you as an expert in the eyes of your audience.

If a client enjoys your content they will return to your website consistently. When Google sees multiple return visitors, it will help them confirm that your site is user-friendly and credible. This will result in higher search rankings, more visitors, and ultimately more clients.