Social Media Marketing For Attorneys
We have seen firsthand the positive impact social media marketing can have for law firms and legal offices. A strong online presence will increase your reach, enhance your brand awareness, generate more leads, and ultimately help you to sign more client. Social media marketing has the power to spread the word about your business to prospects both locally and nationally.

Crafting Unique, Cutting-Edge Social Strategies Across All Platforms
A law firm can no longer rely on radio ads and TV commercials to generate awareness and build their client base. As the competition for clients continues to heat up, firms across the country are looking for new, innovative ways to reach prospects ripe for conversion.

Our social media strategies are designed to leverage various platforms such as Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Instagram, Snapchat, and wherever else your target audience gets their information from. We do this by understanding your firm’s niche, client base, business objectives, and goals for the year. Then, we use this information to develop and implement a strategy that is in line with the latest trends and best practices.

Harness The Power Of Facebook Marketing
With 2.3 billion active users, Facebook is one of the largest and most popular social media networks on the market. Any social strategy we implement is going to center around well executed Facebook Ads. Lucky for you, our team has been writing, developing, and managing Facebook Ad campaigns for years. Our team is constantly learning about the latest trends, the updates on Facebook’s algorithm, and different ways to optimize your campaigns.

In addition, our social experts weave organic social posts into your paid strategy to drive maximum exposure and brand awareness. This includes creating engaging content like graphics, images, and educational copy. Once your posts and campaigns are live, we implement nurturing tracks to help convert the leads you generate into clients. By leveraging our knowledge and experience, you can utilize the power of Facebook advertising to generate more leads for your firm.

Use Twitter Marketing to Increase Client Conversions
Twitter is a fast-moving social platform that when used correctly, can help increase your reach and boost your brand’s reputation. However, if you are not well versed in its algorithm, your tweets will get lost in the shuffle. Our social media team has spent countless hours researching Twitter’s algorithm in order to develop a strong understanding of how to best craft campaigns for law firms like yours.

When you partner with us, you will be working with an army of Twitter experts that have years of experience writing, executing, and managing paid and organic campaigns. Our campaign options include brand awareness, content, promotion, retargeting, and lead generation.

Grow Your Brand Via Your LinkedIn Network
LinkedIn has become the premiere place to grow your contacts, expand your network, and showcase your brand to like-minded professionals. The goal is to put your message and services in front of contacts that have the potential to bring you consistent business. This is why our campaigns and optimized solutions are built around a mix of advertising, connecting with key contacts, and building relationships with influencers in your  industry.

Our LinkedIn Marketing services include everything from account set up, profile optimization, the regular posting of insightful content, and the management of paid ad campaigns. Our goal is to help your firm increase its credibility and establish itself as a thought leader to your target audience. We are dedicated to establishing a professional and impactful presence that will generate new contacts, leads, and ultimately clients.
